Well,
the signal to noise ratio in terms of like people tweeting,
it's almost mostly noise.
Oh,
it's nice.
There's a few people that are great.
You could fall a few people that are really posting about real news and it is
for some journalists,
17 of them.
I think journalists are maybe the best people to follow on Twitter right now it
seems like.
But the problem is who's a journalist?
There's very few real journalism takes a long time.
Yeah,
it's expensive.
Like real investigative journalism.
But I've had some of these guys in my podcast,
they come on,
they go,
they've ruined their life.
They spend five years looking into something.
Nobody cares about it.
They figured out it was true and nobody wants to talk to them.
They will have white hair.
They're families hate them.
They live in little apartment in New York City.
That's a journalist.
Well,
sometimes people do journalism,
right?
And they,
they do spend a long time working on the project and it's in something like the
New York Times and no one cares.
No one cares.
Like the thing about Trump,
like the report on Trump,
this scathing report,
they thought it was going to bring them down.
Literally it was in and out of the news cycle on a day or two.
Yeah.
They don't care.
That guy just pops an extra Adderall and doesn't give up.
He doesn't care.
He doesn't give a fuck.
He is the only guy that should ever write a motivational HealthSouth hop
the secret.
Right.
Whenever the secret is he's got it.
I think it's speed.
It's speed.
You think he's really,
yeah.
Yeah,
I do.
Yeah.
I think it's speed.
I think he's on something.
I mean I think this is the only way that it makes sense to me that a 70 plus
year old man has that much energy.
A guy doesn't exercise,
eats fast food and he's fucking bouncing off the walls and he can campaign for
days and days,
just ooze AFC double downs and flay a fishes.
And let me ask you this,
how often if he gets his dick sucked?
Hmm,
good question.
Who's doing it?
Great question and not asked enough.
Probably not that much.
I don't think a guy like that is driven by sex.
I don't get that.
Maybe he can be,
but yeah,
Millennia seems to be not into it as much.
It seems a little upset with them.
She seems a bit cold,
but there she Slovenian or something,
something like that.
They're called.
I don't know.
That's some of the generalizations.
They're white,
so I can generally say what I want about them.
Ciao.
Okay.
Let me say what the Hell I want out eastern Europeans.
Can I not have Slovenians you can.
Okay,
thank you.
Ah,
she's called.
Well,
she,
I think she's a little annoyed with them.
You know what I mean?
It's very humiliating for her.
They had the pest life.
Yeah.
Up until he ran for president.
He really,
I mean,
imagine telling his kids,
he's like,
I know you got world billionaires.
You'll party everyday.
You do coke with impunity.
It's New York City nightclub.
When you boarded that,
you'd go to Europe,
do it on a boat.
When you boarded that,
you go to some origene Athens.
That's all done right.
But we're going to Canton,
Ohio and I'm giving a speech.
And you can stand there because,
and every camera,
every news reporter is going to watch every move you make for the rest of your
life and begin to crawl up your ass with the microscope to,
and everyone hates you and some of them might be going to jail.
I mean,
we don't,
we really don't know what's going on with this Mueller investigation.
I think a lot.
I mean I think it's going to disappointing everybody's preparing us for
disappointment.
Everybody has prepared us for disappointment.
Yeah.
CNN is actually was saying that that don't expect much.
It's like when you get a report card and you tell your parents,
you're like,
no,
I've changed but I'm still me.
I'm still the guy who gets high before he goes into school and was caught
smoking by the priests.
Like I used to get caught smoking weed by the priest who's driving it in my
Catholic school and he would drive me to the school.
So I would be like,
yeah,
I've made some changes,
but I'm still very much that person that you guys raced.
So that I think is what the molar report is going to be like Trump.
But the thing about Trump is he's corrupt.
He's a con man.
You know,
he said he this whole wall that there was no wall.
Well this is not coming.
Little links,
the walls not as some wall.
There's no wall.
This is a little little signs.
It's a finished the wall.
But this part,
this part of a wall,
there's more of a,
there's more of a wall of raw around houses in Belair.
Right.
Then there is at the border.
Well,
you know,
it's a smaller area pillar.
It's,
yeah.
And there's probably more of a reason to have a wall,
you know,
and the people that run bel Air I probably more serious.
Yeah,
that's definitely something that,
you know,
I,
I don't know about this whole wall thing.
I really feel like it was one of those campaign slogans that he got stuck with,
you know,
build that wall.
And then once he got in he's like,
oh Christ,
I really got to build this fucking thing.
It's a slogan,
someone whispered into his ear,
you think Ann Coulter probably said,
get out there and say build the wall.
And he goes,
that's good.
I mean,
he just went out there,
build that wall.
I love the one of the speeches,
he doesn't really build things.
He lent his name to be franchised.
Yeah,
he definitely does that.
He's not a bit like this idea that he's like a bit,
the things he's built are disgusting.
If you go to Atlantic city,
what can any building he has built it is to,
Chris Hedges wrote a book,
he's an interesting guy.
He wrote a book called America,
the farewell tour and he goes,
he went,
he went to Trump tower in Atlantic city.
He goes,
there's junkies in the bathrooms,
does like rats running around is falling apart.
And he's like,
that's kind of what you know America will be,
but no anything he's built.
He's not nice.
Did you watch it?
There was a documentary about an architect called costs us the carry on us and
he,
and a lot of the documentary is about him convincing Trump to not make his
building gold in New York City and I,
and it's like,
is it golden New York City or no,
but it's golden.
Vegas is gold a lot of places,
but like he was going to ruin the,
the the downtown of Manhattan with a gold building.
Why is that ruining it though?
A gold building.
Why not?
You've spent too much time on the west cost,
but why is that bad?
Why is it bad for it to be one car?
It was a better,
if it's all black or all white or silver,
it's a look.
It has a feel.
You can't come in with a gold building.
It's not Vegas.
It's not Atlantic city.
This is not right.
You know,
like Mandalay Bay,
what goes on in a gold.
I've never looked at a gold building and said,
I bet what goes on there is honest,
like,
and decent gold buildings should be for doing coke and losing money.
That's what it's about.
You don't walk you up,
call building and get a checkup.
That's a good point.
Yeah.
That's a very good point.
That's what it's Gaudy.
It's disgusting.
Yeah.
God,
he is a weird thing,
right?
Like who's that?
Who's that good for?
Like when you go to a place and it's got opulent Chandelier's guilded furniture
or sociopaths who sacrifice human beings.
That's the way they want to lift.
They want to live in a,
uh,
a palatial opulent environment.
And then just,
you know,
I think Matt Taibbi said this,
he said that Trump is a poor person's idea of a rich person.
Absolutely.
That's what,
when a rich person's thing,
when a poor person thinks about a rich person,
they think,
oh,
he's got his name on his jet and he's got his name on its building.
And the guys I grew up in long island,
if somebody went to them and said,
hey,
you could own the Miss Universe pageant.
You could have a building with your name on it.
You could be in the WWE,
that would be amazing.
You'd be a winner.
They would be a winter where I grew up in long island,
that would be,
that is the highest you can go.
So I think that's kind of what it is.
It's a very,
what's,
see what's appealing.
That's also what's appealing about him.
What's appealing about him is there is no veneer,
right?
You don't get the idea that you're being played,
you get the idea,
you know,
you're kind of being played,
but you're being played on a level that you accept.
It's like when you go buy a car and you know,
the salesman,
he and I used to be in sales,
so like when I'll go to buy something,
sometimes I know the salesman needs to the sale cause I used to.
So like sometimes I'll be like,
yeah,
whatever it is what it is,
you know,
I just,
I'll do it.
That's kind of with Trump,
you know,
you're being sold,
but you're okay with it.
You let it happen.
What do you think's going to come after him?
Um,
it seems like he's throwing a giant monkey wrench into the gears.
Twitter is any indication,
a prolonged civil conflict,
uh,
where there will be,
where some will emerge as a few different nation.
States will barter with each other.
Um,
I don't know,
maybe Joe Biden and then nothing.
He's got no chance.
He's,
he's who do you,
who's coming and she's got no chance.
Bernie.
They hate now they hate burning.
You know,
a lot of people hate Bernie.
What happened?
I don't know.
He just missed it.
Some guy on his staff was accused of sexual assault.
Oh.
And now they hate burning.
He's a rapist.
Well,
that's,
you know,
that's what happens.
Bernie's,
he's a white,
straight male.
He doesn't get it.
Plus he has like two houses.
He's worth like $300,000.
You know that offense people does.
Yeah.
How'd you get that money off the backs of poor people in the country,
by the way,
where people make that a in and hour on youtube.
You know,
some people do.
What's
Logan,
Paul and all those guys,
those guys,
you know,
you see people in la,
I'll see a kid in la on a skateboard.
I'm like,
he's a millionaire.
He owns three houses because he used youtube live streamer.
Yeah.
He's probably playing video games on Twitter.